FAQ

   1. I ran CheckInstall and everything seems to run fine, but when I check my
      new package I only find the documentation files!


      CheckInstall can't trace (yet) the actions of three kind of binaries:
          * SUID programs
          * SGID programs
          * Statically linked binaries

      You may now go to check the binaries you're using in the installation
      process   ;-).


   2. I built my Linux system from scratch (LFS, anyone?) and nothing gets
      included in the packages I create with CheckInstall!
      

      Most likely you installed GNU make from source, which by default installs
      the make binary with SUID and/or SGID permissions. A quick fix:

      chmod 0755 `which make`

      Which means to remove the SUID and SGID bits from the make binary.

      Please refer to the first question in this FAQ for the details.


   3. I use Slackware Linux 8.0 and the symbolic links created by my
      installation do not get into the package!
      

      The ln binary shipped with Slackware 8.0 is statically linked. Replace it
      with a dynamically linked one.

      The one shipped with Slackware 7.1 works just fine. You can download it
      here: http://checkinstall.izto.org/ln.gz 

      Please refer to the first question in this FAQ for the details.


   4. I used CheckInstall to install the latest XFree86 distribution, but the
      drivers are being corrupted! If I install XFree86 without CheckInstall
      everything runs fine. Is this some evil bug?
      

      It's not a bug. It's your driver's files being stripped by the automatic
      ELF stripping process. Run checkinstall with the "--strip=no" command
      line option.


   5. I use a RPM based distribution and CheckInstall says it built the rpm
      package OK but reports an error when installing the .rpm file:
      
      Building RPM package...OK
      Installing RPM package... FAILED!
      And in the install.log file I find something like this:

      error: open of /usr/src/RPM/RPMS/i386/package-1.0-1.i386.rpm failed no
             such file or directory

      What's wrong?

      There's something wrong with your RPM installation. Check your system and
      see if the "rpm-build" and "spec-helper" packages are installed. Also
      verify that their versions match the version of the rpm binary installed
      in your system.

$Id: FAQ,v 1.6 2002/11/25 21:54:19 izto Exp $
